Adds an overview page for the Develop section and minor other docs changes (#14488)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/develop/develop-overview.mdx

---
title: Overview
description: Learn how to write code with Prefect objects for workflows you can trust.
---

> This section explains how to develop Prefect workflows. 

Author: ```suggestion
These pages explains how to develop Prefect workflows. 
```

> These pages explains how to develop Prefect workflows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pages explain how to develop Prefect workflows. 
```

> This section of the docs discusses how to write code with Prefect objects to create workflows you can trust. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to develop Prefect workflows. 
```

> The **Write and run workflows** section contains information for getting started with Prefect's core objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Write and run workflows** section introduces and explains Prefect's core concepts.
```

> The Write and run workflows section contains information for getting started with Prefect's core objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Write and run workflows** section contains information for getting started with Prefect's core objects.
```

- [Write and run flows](/write-flows/) introduces the most central Prefect object, the `flow`. 
- [Write and run tasks](/write-tasks/) shows you how to create `task` decorated functions that represent a discrete unit of work in a Prefect workflow.

> - [Run taks in the background](/develop/task-runners/) explains how you can use tasks to execute small, discrete units of work quickly, obviating the need for a full flow or a tool such as Celery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Run tasks in the background](/develop/task-runners/) explains how to use tasks to execute small, discrete units of work quickly.
```

- [Pause and resume flow runs](/develop/pause-resume/) explains how to halt flow runs for input.
- [Send and receive flow run inputs](/develop/inputs/) highlights how to run Human-in-the-Loop workflows with Prefect.
- [Access runtime context](/develop/runtime-context/) shows how to access information about the current run.

The **Manage state and configuration** section explores how to manage data and configuration in Prefect.

- [Manage results](/develop/results/) explains how to store and retrieve task results.
- [Manage states](/develop/manage-states/) discusses how to learn about a workflow through task and flow states.
- [Create run artifacts](/develop/artifacts/) demonstrates how to create artifacts for human consumption in the UI.
- [Set and get variables](/develop/variables/) shows how to store and retrieve configuration values from API.
- [Connect to external systems](/develop/blocks/) discusses how Prefect blocks can help you connect to external systems.
- [Manage cloud-hosted data](/develop/interact-with-data/) shows convieniences for moving data to and from cloud storage providers.

> The **Manage concurrency** section discusses speeding up your workflows and limiting them with concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Manage concurrency** section discusses speeding up your workflows with task runners and limiting them with concurrency.
```

> The **Manage concurrency** section discusses speeding up your workflows with task runners and limiting them with concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Manage concurrency** section explains how to speed up your workflows and limit activities that can take place concurrently. 
```

- [Run tasks concurrently or in parallel](/develop/task-runners/) explains how to run tasks concurrently or in parallel with Dask or Ray.
- [Limit concurrent task runs](/develop/task-run-limits/) shows how to prevent too many tasks from running simultaneously.
- [Apply concurrency and rate limits](/develop/global-concurrency-limits/) demonstrates how to control concurrency and apply rate limits using Prefect's provided utilities.

> Finally, [Test workflows](/develop/test-workflows/) discusses conveniences for testing workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, [Test workflows](/develop/test-workflows/) discusses tools for testing workflows.
```
